Update understanding gui tutorial (#570)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/understanding_gui/step_07/step_07.md

> You can download the code for
<a href="./../src/step_07.py" download>Step 7</a> 
or all the steps <a href="./../src/src.zip" download>here</a>. 

!!! warning "For Notebooks"

    The "Getting Started" Notebook is available [here](../../../../getting_started/getting-started-gui/getting_started.ipynb). In Taipy GUI, the process to execute a Jupyter Notebook is different from executing a Python Script.

# Step 7: Multi-pages, navbars, and menus

> The creation of a multi-page application is greatly simplified with Taipy. A dictionary of pages must be defined to create a multi-page application. Here we will create three Pages: a Root page and two pages (page1 & page2). We will use Visual elements like a menu or navbar on this root page to navigate between page1 and page2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taipy significantly simplifies the process of building a multi-page application. To create a multi-page application, 
you need to define a dictionary of pages. In this example, we will create three Pages: 
a Root page and two additional pages (page 1 & page 2). We will incorporate Visual elements, 
such as a menu or navbar, on the Root page to facilitate navigation between page 1 and page 2.
```
